1326689972
Application	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreatePeople	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/db/migrate/20100924233413_create_people.rb	class CreatePeople 
CreateProjects	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/db/migrate/20120116045814_create_projects.rb	class CreateProjects 
PeopleController	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	class PeopleController 
PeopleHelper	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/helpers/people_helper.rb	module PeopleHelper
Person	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/models/person.rb	class Person 
Project	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/models/project.rb	class Project 
ProjectManager	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/config/application.rb	module ProjectManager
ProjectTest	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/test/unit/project_test.rb	class ProjectTest 
ProjectsController	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	class ProjectsController 
ProjectsControllerTest	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/test/functional/projects_controller_test.rb	class ProjectsControllerTest 
ProjectsHelper	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/helpers/projects_helper.rb	module ProjectsHelper
ProjectsHelperTest	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/test/unit/helpers/projects_helper_test.rb	class ProjectsHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
authenticate	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	  def authenticate
change	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/db/migrate/20120116045814_create_projects.rb	  def change
cleanup	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/models/person.rb	  def cleanup
create	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/db/migrate/20100924233413_create_people.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def index
name	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/models/person.rb	  def name
new	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
up	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/db/migrate/20100924233413_create_people.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/jrawlings/code/project_manager/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def update
